hello everybody finally Nintendo has
launched a site that is telling us if
you are eligible for the Ambassador
Program
so that's finally out so essentially
what that means is if you have a 3ds
like I do and if you went on to the
eShop channel before August 11th I
believe that's to date you are eligible
getting 20 free games so I'm gonna get
into that in just a couple seconds and
how you find out if you are eligible
you're just entering your serial number
right here it's pretty much I believe it
starts off at CW and I'll show you guys
with my camera here oh writing so here's
my 3ds the black model and if we flip it
on over here we have the serial number
which is essentially right underneath
this barcode I have mine sticker it out
because just in case for security
purposes I can hide that but all we have
to do is enter it in and then click
right here to find out if you're
eligible once you click it it's gonna
let you know hooray if you are eligible
like mine says right here yes you are
eligible for the Nintendo 3ds and Master
program so I'm able to get 10 free NES
games on the Virtual Console or 10
actually and ten free gameboy games as
well so all you had to do was go on to
the eShop channel before August 11th and
you are able to get these games that
also says look for more information
coming soon so I'm not too sure if
they're gonna say I highly doubt that
there's gonna be anything more than just
this but the biggest thing is we want to
watch out do not at the end of 2011 I'm
guessing the the programs just going to
end and any credits that you have to
getting these games is just going to
disappear so is make sure by September
1st you start downloading but other than
that if you guys have any questions or
whatnot leave it in the text and the
comments section below and I will see
you guys for the next video see you
later